# EA4S - Antura and the Letters

the full Unity3D project documentation  
by TH Köln / Cologne Game Lab, Video Games Without Borders & Wixel Studios

## Install, Configure adn Build the project

- [Install](HowTo/INSTALL.md) how to install and configure the Unity project
- [Build](HowTo/Build.md) how to build the app for mobile devices

## Debug and Shortcuts
- [Refactoring Guidelines](HowTo/DebugShortcuts.md)

## Developer Guidelines

- [DeveloperGuidelines](Guidelines/DeveloperGuidelines.md) describes general guidelines for developers that want to contribute to the project.
- [ProjectStructure](Guidelines/ProjectStructure.md) describes the structure of the Unity3D project.
- [Refactoring Guidelines](Guidelines/RefactoringGuidelines.md)

### Modules descriptions

- [ApplicationFlow](Modules/ApplicationFlow.md) describes the complete flow of the application, useful if you want to understand the call flow.
- [DataFlow](Modules/DataFlow.md) describes how the learning content data flows from the database, to the teacher system, and finally to minigames.
- [Logging](Modules/Logging.md) describes the implementation and use of the Logging System.
- [Minigames](Modules/Minigames.md) describes how to create and structure new minigames and how to correctly link them to the core application.
- [PlayerProfile](Modules/PlayerProfile.md) describes how the Player Profile Manager works, a subsystem that allows the use of several profiles on the same device.
- [Teacher](Modules/Teacher.md) describes how the Teacher System works. This subsystem is responsible for providing learning content data to the minigames.

### App development HowTo
- [Arabic Font](HowTo/ArabicFont.md) how to create the arabic Atlas with TextMeshPro
- [Drawing Font](HowTo/DrawingsFont.md) how to create the drawings font Atlas with TextMeshPro

### Web & Data management
- [Database Management](Data/DatabaseManagement.md)

### API
The html class documentation can be found [here](API/index.html)

## Project CHANGELOG
- [CHANGELOG.txt](CHANGELOG.txt) generated by Git Log

## Licensing
EA4S_Antura is licensed under the BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License and the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International.
